hi everybody this is dark onion I am
doing a video tutorial on how to use my
adbd lsh file for the droid 2 root what
this script file does is downloads eight
android sdk for your linux or mac OS
machine and it sets it up for you and
launches the update utility after it
does that after you close your update
utility it will ask you to root if you
would like to reach your phone using the
easier one two three droid 2 root yeah
so here you have my desktop with linux
on mun2 i have downloaded the adb dl sh
all you gotta do for linux is
double-click it and it's going to ask
you if you want to run the file a run in
terminal for you guys on the mac you
guys probably won't have this so we're
going to do it in the old-fashioned way
so what you want to do first is open up
your terminal okay and you want to
navigate to your directory that the
files in so mine is in the desktop so
we're going to enter we're the go ahead
and navigate to that alright next we're
going to have to do is we're going to
have to change mod the file so we have
to change the user permissions so as you
can see it says a adb do Sh so the
change pod CH m.o.d space 0755 space adb
d ll s 8 ok press enter ok now we're
going to go ahead and launch it
dot slash atb pls h ok and run ok so now
here you have the script is going to
detect your operating system and then
it's going to start downloading the all
the files you need so well it's don't
let me give you an idea what the script
does so what's going to do is it's going
to download your appropriate android sdk
folder or file its going to extract it
and then it's going to download the do
root sh there's already a video honest
so i'm not gonna I'm not going to refold
this test but I will walk you through on
how to update the the Android SDK which
you need to do so yeah I'm going to put
up all the information in the
information box down below so just take
a look at that and yeah so here we are a
few more seconds and then we're going to
start moving on to the next step
so as you can see we're doing this all
in real time it should be pretty quick
almost done 987654321 ok now the
extracting tell a bunch of files read
this here and this old instructions are
here around on the command prompt ok now
let's get up for you for you on bud to
users are links users you need to have
open Java to open the the UI so here it
goes ok so this top one right here says
SDK platform android 2.2 api 8 make sure
that says except and then you can
uncheck all the other ones right here so
reject all the other ones ok so there's
a bunch of them just reject all the
other ones you'll need to download those
ok so even these two ok and then you
would install and after this i'm not
going to update this because it's going
to take a while but once you finish
installing right once you finish
installing and just close this all right
and then it's going to prompt you do you
want to would you like to begin reading
your front from there make sure you plug
in your phone put it in the PC mode or
charge only Modi mode with USB debugging
enabled and just press one and press
enter and it will enter the do root ssh
file so it's going to load up the the
routing files so yeah that's it oh
pretty simple yeah please refer to the
other video to to make sure you read
your front correctly on linux and neck
alright later